hi this is Bob with Gibbs RV and today
we're looking at a 1996 south wind class
a Motorhome this is a 36 foot fiberglass
body rear tag axle meaning it has two
rear axles 46,000 miles on this 1996 low
miles you can see it's overall really
good conditions but a little bit of
fading and checking got an awning topper
tinted glass big windows and slider with
all these storage compartments that line
the slide-out room to take it all with
you here in the map you see this is the
drive tires and these are brand new and
then you got the tag axle which helps
distribute the weight back here in the
rear this unit does have a generator and
one of the compartments here actually
has the control panel aim a little place
to wash your hands back here access to
your water tanks that sort of thing the
back fiberglass as well with the rear
camera and we also have a trailer
receiver back here roof rack ladder
here's the other side one big window
back here in the bedroom area as far as
the the generator goes I believe it's a
5,000 watt Onan Marquis so dry camping
not a problem
wherever you go you can see down the
sides of this coach no delamination the
only thing as I mentioned earlier we've
got some checking mainly in these kind
of a slop strike
look at this super clean
hardwood floors carpet shows little to
nowhere
the front area to captain seats
Flexsteel seats high quality built on a
ford platform 46,000 miles and just look
at the visibility here ya see you have
one little rock chip in the windshield
but no cracks no breaks got overhead
storage TV in the center console will
just pan around here there is a lounger
chair as you walk in also a Flexsteel
with a fold up card table right beside
and drink holders reading light above
they've got some additional cabinets
here in the overhead you see these are
on the spring-loaded hinges to carpet
ceiling which is kind of the signature
of a luxury coach and you see it's domed
rounded so is the roof that keeps the
water to just rolls off better snow
doesn't accumulate sofa bed for
additional sleeping and here's those big
windows we saw from the outside it's got
a booth dying out and it's a big booth
easy to get into and when this makes
into a bed of course you have a large
bed there as well kitchen is absolutely
marvelous I mean look at all this
counter space we've got the coffee pot
elevated so it doesn't take up any room
the sink is stainless steel dual
basement cutting boards for covers it's
even got a counter topping over the
stove here and a little bit of
scratching there on the surface but not
too bad power exhaust vent over the top
microwave over the sink double door
refrigerator this two is something you
only see in your luxury units but looks
like we've got freezer on one side
refrigerator on the other as we come to
the back here's a wardrobe closet I
guess you would say or you could
probably put a washing machine in here
as well if you want to do a sliding
glass door so these are on rollers they
just roll real
I still got locks on the other end so
they're not gonna be sliding around
while you transport and here's the other
side here in the fire back got a queen
walk around bet and you can see it's
pretty easy to maneuver around this
here's these matching windows on either
side lots of light in another television
in the back as well
overhead cabinets build in reading light
speakers built-in and wardrobe closets
on the side okay what do we got from
door number three we'll check it out
big double double opening door and
there's our toilet sink vanity mirror
triple mirror actually and power exhaust
vent over the top shower enclosure is a
glass two-piece plenty roomy in there as
well so hate to think what something
like this cost
no but it's a value priced here at Gibbs
RV low miles recently serviced well
maintained in great shape it's a 1996
south wind my Fleetwood right here at
Gibbs RV superstore in Coos Bay remember
we take trade-ins we also offer great
financing and we can even help with
delivery if you don't live in the area
so give us a call at one eight hundred
eight two four four three eight eight
that's Gibbs RV